Big sister big sister
This brother
Today I have a ceremony to announce
Brothers know
I've been looking for my husband and daughter all these years
Just today.
I finally found them.
And now the Red Star Consortium is in full swing
Industries around the world
I should also make up for them
Live the life you want
Grandma, I'm going to kill you!
What are you doing?
You let him go
He can't see.
Ouch, what a blind man
Hahaha, let him go.
What's the matter, you came to me as an old woman?
The old woman made me have a headache
Blame it on your unsatisfactory son
Offended our Mr. Zhao
Outsiders let go of my grandma
Otherwise, my father will not forgive you when he comes.
Mention your dead ghost is your blue heart
Do you know how much they paid for the young master?